Make-etc-hosts-easier (#1232)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: src/golive/steps.md

![Hosts File](/images/config-files/hosts-file.png)

> Alternatively there is also an add-on for firefox and google chrome that allow you to dynamically switch DNS IP addresses. No need to fiddle with your hosts files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively there is also an add-on for Firefox and Google Chrome that allow you to dynamically switch DNS IP addresses without modifying your `hosts` file.
```
